AUTOPILOT COMPONENT          

Tesla's autopilot system consists of several sensors placed around the car. These sensors will help the car understand the surrounding environment, so can control itself in almost any road situation. The system includes a radar, camera, electric braking system and long-range ultrasonic sensors. 



AUTOPILOT SYSTEM BEHAVIOR

Tesla has sensors that enable the vehicle to sense when something is too close and gauge the appropriate distance, so that it can do things like safely change lanes. The system also have camera that is basically the system's eyes. It enables the car to detect traffic, pedestrians and anything else that might be in front of the vehicle.



AUTOPILOT SYSTEM: DIGGING DEEPER

Using an Artificial Neural Network, the autopilot system is able to recognize problems such as system perception and control. The Neural Network is supported by a network of bird-eye-view cameras that produce outputs then analyzed as a raw image and processed for semantic segmentation, object detection and monocular depth estimation.



AUTOPILOT SYSTEM: AUTONOMOUS ALGORITHM

Essentially while autopilot is activated, there are complex equations that essentially drive the car by dictating what Autopilot should do in a given situation. For example: Tesla designs algorithms that dictate the car should behave by doing X if Y is detected by the neural network.



AUTOPILOT SYSTEM: DEEP LEARNING - MACHINE VISION

On the street, some objects, such as dogs, can be found. When a Tesla discovers what the neural net thinks is a dog, the cameras take a screenshot and recorded via Wi-Fi. It is possible that Tesla will improve her ability to identify unusual objects over time.


Here I think, the pictures taken with the camera like dogs before, will be used by Tesla to improve and develop a more powerful and efficient artificial intelligence.



AUTOPILOT SYSTEM: DEEP LEARNING - FORECASTING

Forecasting is the process of predicting the motions of another vehicles just several seconds advance. Tesla can train its neural networks with as much usable data as it can obtain. As a result, the training dataset length will be proportional to the total distance.

